---
title: resume
date: 2017-08-01
published: false
resume: true
---
## Skills
#### Languages
    Ruby, Python, Javascript, Java, C, Clojure, SQL, HTML
#### Frameworks
    Ruby on Rails, Flask, AngularJs, EmberJs, jQuery, Bootstrap
#### Tools
    Linux, Ansible, Vagrant, Docker, Git, Postgresql, Mysql, nginx, Apache tomcat
#### Methodologies
    Agile, TDD, OOP, responsive design, OWASP security practices.
#### Project management
    Full lifecycle project development; requirements gathering, estimation, sprint planning, release and maintenance.
## Experience
#### Consultant
*Dec 2015 - Present*

___

[factu.ly](https://factu.ly/) is an MVP that aims to adress the problem of fake news by allowing users to upload and annotate articles, and rate their accuracy and bias.

* Created a Rails 5 application that extracts article headlines and content from urls, and allows the text to be selected and marked up.
* Created a chrome extension that interfaces with the backend to show the scores and comments for the article currently being viewed.
* Created re-usable Ansible automation scripts that handle server provisioning and deployment for ruby on rails applications.   

[freshsqueezedideas.com](https://www.freshsqueezedideas.com/) is an evidenced-based marketing and design agency.

* Created a Rails 5 survey application for building and administering multi-stage surveys. Subsequent stages are composed of user input comparing various brands and products.

[thecouncil.on.ca](https://thecouncil.on.ca) is the bargaining agent for the 24 Ontario colleges in negotiating collective agreements with unionized staff. Their technology stack consists of a Rails 3 CMS with a seperate layer for managing arbitrations, and creating multi-step and multi-party scheduling workflows.

* Fixed numerous bugs around the logic dealing with scheduling time-slots.
* Migrated all Rails infrastructure from Linode to Digital Ocean.
* Created a re-usable development virtual machine for ruby on rails applications.

[concertsherpa.ca](http://concertsherpa.ca) is a music event aggregator and news service for [exclaim.ca](http://exclaim.ca).

* Addressed various hosting issues and migrated the ruby on rails 3 application to Heroku, while also fixing problems with the content stream sources.

[crowdmark.ca](https://crowdmark.com/) is an online grading, annotation and analytics platform for scanned test papers.

* Implemented annotation functionality in EmberJs, allowing for selected text to be manipulated.

#### Software developer
*Mar 2013 - Dec 2015*

___

[shifthealth.ca](https://shifthealth.ca) provides a platform for administering surveys in clinics and hospitals, and collecting patient reported data.

* Created an offline-capable javascript single-page survey app for use on ios and android mobile devices.
* Expanded the backing Ruby on Rails infrastructure to support reporting, i18n, encrypted backups and deployment automation.
* Improved stability of the codebase by implementing continuous integration, monitoring, end to end and integration testing, a strict git branching model, code reviews and sprint planning.

#### Software developer
*Apr 2011 - Dec 2012*

___

[thinkresearch.com](http://www.thinkresearch.com/ca/) is a suite of tools and services for managing digital versions of hospital order sets. Primarily responsible for feature development, testing and maintenance of a medical document parser. The tool also serves as a CMS, also allowing for modification and versioning of order-set document content.

* Developed various features and improvements for a pdf document parsing engine.
* Improved stability, performance and code coverage of the system through the addition of a test suite.
* Participated in and led biweekly sprint feature planning, ticket breakdown and design discussions.
* Ensured cross-browser and IE7+ backwards compatibility.

#### Software developer
*Mar 2010 - Apr 2011*

___

[fieldid.com](http://fieldid.com/) is an asset management and inspection scheduling system for the construction and manufacturing industries.

* Identified, traced and fixed bugs for both front- and back-ends; performed automatic and manual regression
testing on both the web and windows mobile applications at the end of each development cycle.
* Designed and developed front-end functionality with a heavy emphasis on UI/UX for non-technical users.
* Maintained an extensive Selenium integration test suite.

#### .NET Intern
*Jun 2006 - Sep 2006*

___

[konverge.com](http://konverge.com/) is a microsoft application consultancy with clients such as Bosch and KPMG.

* Designed and wrote C# unit tests for an automotive component price quote system commissioned by Bosch.
* Identified, traced and remedied anomalies, bugs, and mathematical errors in the pricing calculation modules.

### Education
___
*University of Toronto, St. George, Toronto*


Hons. B.Sc, Computer Science: Software Engineering.
